# Yodel

Music is inherently social. That's a large part of why social media platforms like TikTok have gotten so popular. The music industry as it stands right now is stratified into several groups: those with Spotify, those with Apple Music, and those with something else (YouTube Music, Soundcloud, etc.). Spotify has a great start with social features such as friends, profiles, likes, and friend activity but it is a walled garden. A bridge needs to be built between the different music streaming platforms to allow for connection amongst different platforms. Yodel will solve that problem. By allowing users to connect their streaming account (and supporting many of these), interact via the yodel app's playlist feed, and add friends across various platforms, we can break down the walls of Spotify's social music garden. 

At its core, Yodel serves to connect users from different streaming platforms. The main experience will consist of a feed of playlists from users. The app will encourage creativity on the part of the users to ensure frequent playlist creation and we can add an algorithm similar to Instagram (but more rudimentary) to populate the feed with non-friend posts as well. Playlists each should have a cover photo, a title, a description, and one or more songs. Users can add other users as friends, like other user's posts, recommend songs to one another, view other user's profiles, see what songs their friends are currently listening to, and look up remixes for songs.

## Development Set Up
See frontend and backend directories for detailed instructions.